Typos (#2095)
javascript-tutorial/en.javascript.info: 2-ui/99-ui-misc/01-mutation-observer/article.md

# Mutation observer

> `MutationObserver` is a built-in object that observes a DOM element and fires a callback if there are changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`MutationObserver` is a built-in object that observes a DOM element and fires a callback when there are changes.
```

...
```

> Also we'll use a JavaScript highlighting library on our site, e.g. [Prism.js](https://prismjs.com/). A call to `Prism.highlightElem(pre)` examines the contents of such `pre` elements and adds into them special tags and styles for colored syntax highlighting, similar to what you see in examples here, on this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For better readability and at the same time, to beautify it, we'll be using a JavaScript syntax highlighting library on our site, like [Prism.js](https://prismjs.com/). To get syntax highlighting for above snippet in Prism, `Prism.highlightElem(pre)` is called, which examines the contents of such `pre` elements and adds special tags and styles for colored syntax highlighting into those elements, similar to what you see in examples here, on this page.
```

> When exactly should we run that highlighting method? We can do it on `DOMContentLoaded` event, or at the bottom of the page. At that moment we have our DOM ready, we can search for elements `pre[class*="language"]` and call `Prism.highlightElem` on them:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When exactly should we run that highlighting method? Well, we can do it on `DOMContentLoaded` event, or put the script at the bottom of the page. The moment our DOM is ready, we can search for elements `pre[class*="language"]` and call `Prism.highlightElem` on them:
```

*/!*
```

> ...But imagine, we have many places in the code where we load content: articles, quizzes, forum posts. Do we need to put the highlighting call everywhere? That's not very convenient, and also easy to forget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
...But, imagine if we have many places in the code where we load our content - articles, quizzes, forum posts, etc. Do we need to put the highlighting call everywhere? That's not very convenient, right? It is also easy to forget.
```

> And what if the content is loaded by a third-party module? E.g. we have a forum written by someone else, that loads content dynamically, and we'd like to add syntax highlighting to it. No one likes patching third-party scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And what if the content is loaded by a third-party module? For example, we have a forum written by someone else, that loads content dynamically, and we'd like to add syntax highlighting to it. No one likes patching third-party scripts.
```

- `observer.disconnect()` -- stops the observation.

> When we stop the observing, it might be possible that some changes were not yet processed by the observer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When we stop the observing, it might be possible that some changes were not yet processed by the observer. In that case, we can call
```

> - `observer.takeRecords()` -- gets a list of unprocessed mutation records, those that happened, but the callback has not handled them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `observer.takeRecords()` -- gets a list of unprocessed mutation records - those that happened, but the callback has not handled them.
```

```

```smart header="Garbage collection interaction"

> Observers use weak references to nodes internally. That is: if a node is removed from the DOM, and becomes unreachable, then it can be garbage collected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Observers use weak references to nodes internally. That is, if a node is removed from the DOM, and becomes unreachable, then it can be garbage collected.
```

The mere fact that a DOM node is observed doesn't prevent the garbage collection.
```

## Summary  

> `MutationObserver` can react to changes in DOM: attributes, added/removed elements, text content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`MutationObserver` can react to changes in DOM - attributes, add/remove elements, text content, etc.
```

Author: Hi, thanks for the help. I think this part of the article is referring to the Mutation Observer being able to detect added or removed elements.
